Since my father left
No one dares to sit in this position
Including Lao Jiang
Today this location will have a new owner
That was me!
Now that we're all here
Let's talk about it.
What are your thoughts on this crisis?
I think
Now it's time to choose one of us to execute
Directors to stabilize the situation
That's exactly why.
What's the serious situation?
Who would be the better executive director?
You have never been exposed to the company's business
How can I qualify?
Replace Jiang Haiping in charge of the overall situation of the consortium
Of course, choose a highly respected person
highly respected
Mr. Jiang is talking about yourself, right?